README.md, before:

# AI Music Producer

AI Music Producer is an innovative tool that empowers musicians to craft music in the style of their favorite artists with the help of AI technology.

## How it Works

1. **Artist Selection**: Begin by inputting the name of your favorite artist or band.

2. **AI Insights**: The app queries OpenAI's GPT engine to provide you with insightful instructions and inspiring ideas on how to compose music in the distinct style of your chosen artist.

3. **Project Page**: Dive into the creative process on a dedicated project page that breaks down the musical composition into key sections: Intro, Verse, Chorus, Bridge, and Outro.

4. **Comprehensive Tools**: The project page is also equipped with an array of valuable songwriting tools, including:
   - **Inspiration and Rule Set Generator**: Generate a random rule set including Song key, BPM, and Sound ides
   - **Metronome**: The BPM is set by the inspiration generator
   - **Pomodoro Timer**: Stay focused and productive with timed work sessions
   - **Note-Taking Area**: Capture your thoughts, ideas, and musical concepts as they flow
   - **Expert Advice**: Receive valuable songwriting insights in the style of renowned producers and musicians such as Rick Rubin, Jeff Tweedy, and more!

## Technologies Used

- React
- Typescript
- openAPI GPT 3.5 Turbo engine
- Freepik AI Image Generator (logo) image
- Figma for wireframing
- Font Awesome for icons
- Metronone icon created by [Freepik - Flaticon](https://www.flaticon.com/free-icons/tempo)
- [Tone.js](https://www.npmjs.com/package/tone) for generating metronome tone

## Screenshot of final version

![Project page final](/public/project_page_screenshot.png)


## Wireframes

- **Main Wireframe**:
  ![Main Wireframe](/public/wireframe_main.png)
- **Project Page Wireframe**:
  ![Project Page Wireframe](/public/wireframe_project_page.png)

Commit message:

Readme update + Add card title to open card modal

README.md, after:

# AI Music Producer

AI Music Producer is an innovative tool that empowers musicians to craft music in the style of their favorite artists with the help of AI technology.

## How it Works

1. **Artist Selection**: Begin by inputting the name of your favorite artist or band.

2. **AI Insights**: The app queries OpenAI's GPT engine to provide you with insightful instructions and inspiring ideas on how to compose music in the distinct style of your chosen artist.

3. **Project Page**: Dive into the creative process on a dedicated project page that breaks down the musical composition into key sections: Intro, Verse, Chorus, Bridge, and Outro.

4. **Comprehensive Tools**: The project page is also equipped with an array of valuable songwriting tools, including:
   - **Inspiration and Rule Set Generator**: Generate a random rule set including Song key, BPM, and Sound ides
   - **Metronome**: The BPM is set by the inspiration generator
   - **Pomodoro Timer**: Stay focused and productive with timed work sessions
   - **Note-Taking Area**: Capture your thoughts, ideas, and musical concepts as they flow
   - **Expert Advice**: Receive valuable songwriting insights in the style of renowned producers and musicians such as Rick Rubin, Jeff Tweedy, and more!

## Technologies Used

- React
- Typescript
- openAPI GPT 3.5 Turbo engine
- Freepik AI Image Generator (logo) image
- Figma for wireframing
- Font Awesome for icons
- Metronone icon created by [Freepik - Flaticon](https://www.flaticon.com/free-icons/tempo)
- [Tone.js](https://www.npmjs.com/package/tone) for generating metronome tone

## Screenshots from live version

- **The project page**:
![project_page](/public/project_page_screenshot.png)
- **Example of AI-generated instructions**: 
![open_oard](/public/card_modal.png)


## Wireframes

- **Main Wireframe**:
  ![main_wireframe](/public/wireframe_main.png)
- **Project Page Wireframe**:
  ![project_page_w_ireframe](/public/wireframe_project_page.png)
